Hey, good morning family.
How have you all been doing?
I had a dream.
There was this blonde lady wearing a red shirt with blue denim shorts.
She had bleach-blonde hair to right here, and she looked like a weather lady, the way she was describing things.
Everything was green and lush.
The sky was so blue in the dream.
Suddenly, she started pointing out that a weather change was coming.
Out of nowhere—nobody was expecting this—a massive dark gray cloud came in from the north, and it became instantaneously cold.
Like I said, she was wearing shorts and a red shirt, which I believe represented the United States because she had on red, white, and blue.
She pointed out four massive oak trees.
Each oak tree was humongous—huge oak trees with beautiful limbs.
These trees were like they were out of a cartoon; they were beautiful oak trees.
When everything was green, these trees were full of leaves and looked really healthy.
There were four of them, and each one looked the same.
When this massive gray storm came in, the air became so cold because nobody had prepared; they didn't realize it was about to become so cold outside.
That cold air blew all the leaves and everything off of the trees.
Then the dream went to black and white, and the trees lost all their leaves.
The Lord pointed out: one, two, three, four.
He said, 'You've asked me about how long the crash will last, and I'm telling you: one, two, three, four.
' The first year wasn't as bad; the oak tree didn't act like it was in as much distress.
But when it got to the two center trees—two and three—they were really in distress, and people were freaking out.
There was no food.
Suddenly, I could see in the dream that there was no food and no preparation because people hadn't prepared while everything was green and perfect.
People were able to sustain through the first tree easier than the middle two.
By the last tree, people were used to it.
After living through it for a couple of years, it wasn't as much of a shock to the system.
The two massive oaks in the middle were really bad, but by the further tree, people were coming out of it.
I did not see past the four trees.
The Lord showed me the massive oak tree again in prayer tonight.
There were no leaves on it; it was all barren.
I could see a purple storm above it.
Then the Lord showed me an outlet plug that came out of the ground beside the oak tree, and it specifically said '220'.
It was a massive 220-volt plug, not a 110 like we use in the United States.
This represents the wattage or what it carries.
The tree got plugged into the 220 plug and started to glow from within—a Holy Ghost glow.
It plugged into this power source, and the power source started flowing.
I was seeing this in the spirit in a vision.
The massive limbs started to glow with the Holy Ghost glow, and the tree was moving like it was alive.
Beside the plug, a 1950s-style microphone grew up and hovered over the outlet.
Those microphones are big and bulky.
It started amplifying the 220, and it was like a loudspeaker was speaking into that microphone, and then the vision ended.
The oak trees all started getting plugged into the outlet, which became a microphone.
I guess there's going to be a part three or a part four of this; I just thought it was another interesting piece of the puzzle.
My gifting is not the interpretation of dreams or visions; a lot of times I have to intercede and pray before the Lord gives me the whole interpretation.
The Lord told me, 'Seedtime and harvest are accelerating.
' Whenever you get connected with the demonic, it deteriorates your flesh.
But when you get connected with the Holy Spirit dwelling on the inside of you, it brings life more abundantly.
The more you flow with the Holy Spirit and are saturated—like Moses was—the more your face shines with glory.
Underneath that presence, his eyes didn't grow dim and his body did not fail because the glory was emanating out of him.
He was soaked with the glory of God.
Even the children of Israel—their shoes didn't deteriorate and their clothes didn't wear out.
They always had an abundant supply.
When you are connected to the glory and the glorious outpouring that is coming, your flesh will be healed and your finances will become abundant because God is an abundant, supplying God.
He is a God of overflow.
There will be no lack.
I believe your finances will turn around as we press into the glorious outpouring.
We were praying for the glory at church tonight, and it was amazing.
I believe it's going to come through a cultivation of seeking, praying for the glorious church, the spotless bride, and the manifestations of the glory.
The more we press into it through corporate prayer—praying in one accord like when they were bound in prison—the more we will see it.
I don't want to go down that road yet.
This is what the Lord—I'm still going back over here—Joe Biden, praying for him.
The Lord warned me, saying, 'Over the course of the summer, you will see even more of an acceleration of the sin and the evil behind that platform.
You will see an uncovering, even more from July through October, of a deterioration of his mind.
' It will become even more evident to the media; they won't be able to cover it up.
They're not going to be able to hide it in the shadows like last time.
Now, every time you do a debate, every time you do a speech, every time you talk, you'll see the mind of the reprobate spirit, the reprobate mind, because you're connected to the demonic.
And even the demonic wants to use that individual who is the apparatus of their satanic agenda, which they want to make last as long as they can.
But when you are connected with the devil, the devil comes to kill, steal, and destroy.
And the more you touch the evil thing, the more the evil thing takes you over.
When you're touched by something that is kill, steal, and destroy, the fruit of that is to kill, steal, and destroy, and so it deteriorates the flesh.
That's why, whenever you see a lot of old pictures of Disney and demonic things like that, they are always painted old and with warts on their noses.
Because when you're astral projecting and you're doing dark things, the more you try to go out of your body and do evil stuff through satanic worship, the more your flesh becomes deteriorated because of the demonic.
They look hard; they look like they've been through hell because they're going through hell and they don't realize the devil's just using them and he doesn't care about them.
So the more their flesh deteriorates—and a lot of people don't realize that.
You'll see some people in the occult and in darkness who don't look beautiful; they start to look really hard and gross because your flesh is deteriorating.
So, back to the glory: when you're close to the Lord, and the more you're in the glory and the presence of the Lord, you look beautiful and shining.
You look radiant and vibrant because God is a God of life and he speaks life into you.
He speaks joy and peace into you and he brings all those things because he is the fruit of the spirit: love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, gentleness, self-control, all those things.
When you get attached to the vine—he is the vine, we are the branches—we're an extension.
If we are his children and we are attached to him, we're getting life from him.
And when we're cut off and severed from that and pruned away, you die.
That's what happens when you prune a branch off; it dies.
So be attached to the Father because he brings life and life more abundantly.
When you see what's going to happen over the summer, the acceleration of the darkness because acceleration of seedtime and harvest is happening, they're not going to know what to do.
They're not going to know how to handle this because the very thing they thought they could control is boomeranging back on them.
Remember, there's a lot of people that believe that we will go through the tribulation.
But God is not a wife-beater.
He is not a God that is going to beat on his church and go, 'Well, I'm going to beat up on you and you're going to go through the worst.
' Well, they say the disciples went through some things and they were martyred and they went through all that.
That wasn't the tribulation.
The Bible even says the world has never seen anything like it.
People have no clue what they're talking about.
The world has never seen what's about to happen before.
We've been in a season of grace, folks; we've been in a covering of grace.
And grace is about to be lifted off of the earth; it's going to be removed.
Tribulation is hell on earth.
Do you understand?
It's going to be terrible.
We have never seen, even in the Dark Ages, anything remotely like the pestilence, the disease, and the earthquakes; it's going to be awful.
And we, as the bride of Christ, the remnant, will not see this.
He is not going to put us through that.
To even relate it to what the disciples went through is not right—they didn't go through the tribulation.
Tribulation is tribulation.
Woe unto those that even give suck in those days.
It even talks about how he has to shorten the days because people wouldn't have lived through it.
If we have power and authority on this earth as believers to tread on serpents and scorpions and nothing shall by any means hurt us—and there's hundreds of millions of us—we're the restrainer.
We're holding back so that the Antichrist can't step on the stage right now.
We're in that place of authority.
If we can take authority over the earth and over sickness and disease because he's given us the power and authority to do so as believers, we're going to be wreaking havoc for the enemy's camp.
He can't take over everything because we're the believers.
You think he's going to go walking around cutting everybody's head off and telling us to take the mark of the beast if there's literally hundreds of millions of us on the earth?
No, that's impossible because we are resisting.
We will be able to take our authority still.
When the authority of the believer is in motion—laying hands on the sick and seeing them recover, casting out devils—folks, there's going to be a rapture of the church.
There's going to be a great harvest of souls before he comes.
And I believe there'll be a harvest of souls afterwards of people who realized they missed it, and repent and still make heaven.
But we're not appointed unto wrath.
The Bible shows too much that God is love and he loves his children.
But the Bible also says there is a hell and it's not made for you and I.
It's made for the devil and his fallen angels and demons.
It's not made for us.
But we choose to go there.
We have free will.
If you choose to go to hell today, you choose it.
It's not God putting it on you; you chose it because you didn't want to serve the Lord.
He said in John, 'For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only son that whosoever believes in him should not perish but have everlasting life.
' It's not for anybody to go to hell.
God loved us all and Jesus paid the price for us.
And I told you all to watch Cuba.
I told you all there'll be alliances there going to become even stronger with Putin and Cuba and the Havana area.
Still praying over a supernatural covering for the United States because I'm telling you, I believe there's going to be an acceleration of war and an acceleration of something happening here with the terrorists coming out of their bins—they were underground and they were coming up like ants.
There were literally tens of thousands of them, and the Lord warned me about that.
Praying over that, and praying over the 350 million about the plague the Lord has been—I've interceded for that.
I know this is a lot, folks, but I'm telling you we are in accelerated time.
Praying over the 350 million because I feel we're pushing it.
I've been feeling pushing this back for the plague that COVID would be like a 10% versus the major thing that was in store for the hundreds of millions of people perishing because of this major virus that's coming.
It's even worse than the other one that came before in 2020.
So, I think that's all I have for you today for that.
But let me pray for you.
You know, I always try to end with a positive note: I'm telling you that financial breakthroughs are coming for folks that believe for a supernatural harvest for your family.
It's not time to be broke, busted, and disgusted.
It's time to be the salt and the light in these last days.
The outpouring of the Spirit of the Lord is going to move through you.
If you are hungry and thirsty and you're looking for Jesus, I'm telling you, he said, 'Blessed are those that hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they will be filled.
' And I believe with all my heart, this is a time of a great acceleration for the church.
So, Father, I just thank you for every single person that is represented here and who is watching.
And we come in agreement for the supernatural.
We come in agreement that we're thirsty and we're hungry for a move of the presence of the Lord on this generation, on these households.
That there will be a mighty move of the Spirit of God, that we will be at the spout where the glory comes out.
Father, we are a people that are hungry and thirsty, and we want a move of the Spirit of the Lord on this generation, on these people, on all the nations that are represented here, that there will be a move of God.
There will be a move of the presence of the Lord in our churches, in our young people, and in the older generations.
It will be for everyone.
But Father, I thank you, Lord, for healings and deliverances from all kinds of sickness and disease.
You said in your word that we would lay hands on the sick and we would see them recover.
I thank you, Father, for supernatural healing over every single person that's watching this video.
I thank you, Lord, for healing from the top of their head to the soles of their feet.
We call them healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, that you've delivered them from all kinds of bondages, from tobacco, from perversions, from sexual perversions.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that you've delivered them from all kinds of perversions and sickness and disease.
I thank you, Lord, that they're delivered and set free in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Father, that you said, 'for whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
' And we thank you, Lord, they're free indeed today.
We call them delivered, we call them whole, we call them set free in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Father.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for their marriages to be restored.
I thank you, Lord, for the blessing on their marriages and blessing on their children.
Father, that they are blessed coming in, blessed going out.
That everything they put their hands to will prosper in the mighty name of Jesus.
I thank you, Lord, for creative ideas to get wealth.
Father, that they have the mind of Christ.
And Father, that the Holy Spirit is flowing through them.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for their cells, every single part of them.
That the glory of the Lord, just like you did with Moses, would shine through our faces and be a light in these dark times.
That people would see the glory on us and they would ask about it.
They want to know.
But Father, that we'd be able to say it's the glory.
It's the presence of the Lord on me because Jesus dwells on the inside of me.
I thank you, Father, that light shines through our eyes, that shines through on our countenance.
That people would see us and they would want what we have.
That Father, they wouldn't see us as cranky or worn down and exhausted.
No, we're plugged into that 220 and the glory of the Lord is resting and abiding in us because of that presence, so that people are hungry and thirsty after what we have.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that this is a time that we are plugged into that 220 and that the glory of the Lord is resting on us.
And Father, I thank you that we're going from glory to glory to glory to glory in these last days.
And Father, I thank you, Lord.
We call restoration of all things—restoration in their bodies, in their minds, in their souls, in their spirit.
We call restoration of all things in Jesus' name.
And what the devil meant for bad, Lord, you're going to turn it around for their favor.
I call sevenfold what the devil stole in Jesus' name.
In this lifetime, I call sevenfold.
I call it in right now in Jesus' name, the harvest of everything the devil stole.
I thank you, Lord, we call back restitution for it in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Lord, that you're the great restorer.
We call restoration and restoring everything the devil meant to steal.
And I call it in—even plans where he tries to steal things—that it will be restored.
You say you devourer for our sake.
We thank you, Lord, that you're rebuking the devourer.
You say, 'No, you're not going to devour their stuff.
' They're tithers, they're givers, they're sowers.
No, you're not going to devour their stuff.
Every plan, every plot, everything that the wicked one tries to steal—you will not touch my stuff.
You stop it now in Jesus' name.
Cease and desist in your maneuvering against our families.
We have authority over you.
You will not rob us.
We come against you with the blood.
We come against you with the name, and Jesus Christ's name is above every name, and it's against you, devil, and you won't touch our stuff.
We come against you in Jesus' name because Jesus said, 'I will rebuke the devourer for your sake.
' So, Father, I thank you.
I'm a tither and I have a tither's rights.
And I believe with all my heart that you promised, Father, to rebuke the devourer for me.
I thank you, Lord.
I thank you for what you said you'd do for us.
And God, I give you all the glory and honor and praise that we are free.
For whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
And Father, we just love you.
We give you so much worship and so much praise for you deserve all of it, Lord.
You're a good God.
You're a merciful God.
And we're so thankful that you're our Daddy.
And we crawl in your lap today and we just give you a big hug and say, 'Father, we love you today.
' You're such a merciful God.
We didn't deserve any of it.
We deserved to go to hell, but you paid the price because you loved us and you made it where we don't have to.
Thank you for saving my soul.
Thank you for making me your son.
You adopted me into your kingdom and you made me a joint-heir with you.
Thank you for doing that for me, Lord.
You did it all because you loved me.
My Father loves me.
He loves you.
Our Father loves you.
He has a plan for your life.
He's not up there beating on you.
It's the devil that comes to kill, steal, and destroy.
God is a good God.
God is a loving God.
He's merciful.
Yes, sometimes we go through the refiner's fire, but we come out better than what we went in.
And God's faithful.
So I want to encourage you today.
Don't give up.
All there is to do is stand.
Stand therefore and keep standing.
Keep fighting the good fight of faith because I'm telling you, victory is on the other side.
God bless you all.
If you could please subscribe to my channel, help me out, and get the gospel out.
Every one of you that has supported me and helped me, I thank you.
God bless you all.
I really do.
My wife and I pray for you all the time and we bless you in the name of Jesus.
Click the notification bell, click the thumbs up, and leave a good comment down below if you're still watching this video and tell us something nice.
The trolls can go away, but the people that are nice, we appreciate your support.
We just want to say, put a smile on your face.
I truly mean that.
Put a smile on your face today.
Show people that Jesus is on the inside of you.
Don't be Gloomy Gus.
Be happy.
Be full of joy.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
That's one that's full of singing to Jesus, making praise unto him, giving him praise and worship.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart because Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
And we will see you all next time.
God bless you all.
Have a blessed day.
Bye-bye.